This is a collection of matlab code for doing simple regularized least
squares experiments.  All code should work in both matlab and octave.

General themes are that we try to use matrix decompositions to make
varying lambda (the regularization parameter), doing leave-one-out
computations (LOO), and doing multiclass computation inexpensively.

In general, we assume that there is plenty of memory.  For linear RLS,
this means that we can store the data several times.  For nonlinear,
it means we can store the kernel matrix and a decomposition of it.
Also, we have opted for ease-of-use over maximal speed and memory.
You might be able to make routines that were a factor of 2 or 3 faster
or used half as much memory by working in C or Fortran and calling
BLAS/LAPACK directly.  (In particular, as of 2005, it seemed that
matlab was not using the holy grail algorithm for
eigendecompositions.)

We provide three levels of functions.  In general, there is a top
level function that automatically finds the function (w or c, as
appropriate) and LOO for BEST (LOO-minimizing) lambda for each class
(e.g., lrlsloobest), a mid-level function which returns the function
and LOO for each lambda for each class, and lower-level functions
(they have _'s in the name) that do the real work, but assume you've
already done the appropriate matrix factorizations.

Linear RLS.  

lrlsloobest --- gives you the w, LOO and lambda for the best lambda
		for each class.
lrlsloo --- gives you ws and LOOs for all the lambdas for each class
lrlsoo_ll --- does the work for lrlsloo, after the SVD's done.
lrlslo_ll1 --- does the actual work for a single value of lambda.
	       useful if you actually want the LOO *predictions*.

The function to use is lrlsloobest.  At a lower level, there's
lrlsloo.  Both functions take X data, Y data (the labels --- it does
handle multiclass), and a collection of lambdas.  The lower level
function lrlsloo gives you all the ws and all the LOOs (leave-one-out
errors).  lrlsloobest just gives you, for each class, the w, loo and
lambda which yielded the smallest LOO.

Nonlinear RLS.

Similar to linear RLS, but all the functions take kernel matrices and
eigendecompositions, instead of data and SVD.  The functions are
rlsloobest, rlsloo, rlsloo_ll, and rlsloo_ll1.


All software in this directory and all subdirectories are available
under the modified BSD license --- see LICENSE for details.
